Hi. I'm Chris Brooks,
faculty here at the University of
Michigan School of Information.
This class is about
data manipulation,
and data manipulation is really
the foundation of what you'll
do as a data scientist.
And that doesn't really change
even as you deepen a lot
of your investigation and
your skills in the area.
So in this course, we're
going to teach you
the excellent Pandas library.
It's wonderful for data
manipulation it is
the de facto standard for Python.
When you come out of this class,
you should be quite masterful
on the use of that library.
We're going to teach you
about how to acquire data,
how to clean data,
how to manipulate and
joined data together,
and to make basic inferences
about that data.
Now we expect that
you already have
some Python skills and
some statistics skills,
but this course is really
a place where you're
going to get to build
those skills through practice.
There'll be some course
resources off to the sidebar in
the course shell that describe
other ways that you can get
some experience with Python.
I filmed the lectures
for this course
in very specific manner.
I'm using a tutorial style,
where most of what you'll be
watching is actually
screen captures
of me typing into
Jupyter Notebooks code.
I'm doing a couple of
unique things with this.
One, you'll see all of my texts,
all my comments in
that code live.
So you'll be able to
read as well as listen.
But I wanted to share with you
a strategy that I think is
powerful for learning and
learning using
the Jupyter Notebooks.
So let's take a look at some
of the core shell right now.
So this is the coursera core
shell here on the left,
and on the right-hand
side I've opened
up the Jupyter Notebooks.
So this is actually a MOOC that I
taught and I'm going
to use to demonstrate.
When you go to a video
on the course,
let's say this one on DataFrames.
You'll see that it's
a regular instructional video,
I'll just mute that.
You can seek around in
the video and there's
some talking head.
But the majority of it is
going to look like this,
and let's just close the notes
and close the sidebar.
The majority of it's actually
going to look like this.
It's going to be
me working through
examples in a Jupyter Notebook.
And I think the most
powerful way to learn in
this course is actually to
go into your Jupyter system,
so I've got that here
on the right-hand side,
and there'll be a separate video
about the Coursera
Jupyter platform.
But to actually create
a new Python Notebook,
it's empty and maybe name
it after the lecture,
so this was dataframes I think.
And to follow from
the beginning what I'm
doing and type it in yourself,
so here we'll maybe
seek to the beginning.
So here you can
see I'm looking at
some cricket loving countries
in this example.
So you can just type here,
cricket loving countries, and
just follow
the example as you go.
The power of doing it
this way is that at
any time you can pause the video,
and you can explore,
and you can start to
look at alternatives,
and you can start
to form questions.
And this is really powerful to be
doing as you're
watching a video to
be actively learning instead of
just watching
passively this video.
The video has a number of
other opportunities in it,
in particular,
you can increase or decrease
the speed of the video,
and that can be useful
too for review.
I actually think high-speed
video playback is wonderful,
I listen to a lot of
educational video this way,
largely after I've already done
the practice and I've
already experienced at once,
and I just want a quick review
of the content,
I'll flip it on at maybe
one and a half or two
times speed and try and
absorb that content.
The way we've built the videos
for you for this class,
which isn't frankly new to
me and I'd love to
get your feedback
on is with that whole transcript
within the video as well.
So you should be able to read
and listen to the video
at the same time.
We've got a number of
different supports
for you as you're
learning in this course.
We've got office hours,
we've got slack communications,
and we've got
Piazza discussion forums,
and so I'd encourage you to take
advantage of all of these.
I'll be in the office hours or
the instructor of
this course will,
along with other people,
such as graduate students
or staff persons.
And you really can't go wrong with
practicing over and over again.
So please grab
the educational videos
as you're watching them,
engage with a blank notebook,
and just follow along and
see how you've maybe
misinterpreted things,
different investigations
that you've gone off on,
and share what you
found or questions
you have with the rest
of the class.